0 is not a number idiot. Put in a real number!
I AM YOUR CULTURE BOT. I SUPPLY GREAT CULTURE.
AnonOps is a lovely place full of lovely people
The Memetic Nervegas Factory is a project idea for one or more IRC bots that can be used for memetic engineering
Shrek, a green ogre who loves the solitude in his swamp, finds his life interrupted when countless fairytale characters are exiled there by order of the fairytale-hating Lord Farquaad of Duloc. Shrek tells them that he will go ask Farquaad to send them back. He brings along a talking Donkey, who is the only fairytale creature who knows the way to Duloc.
Shrek calmly licks his fingers and extinguishes the torch. The men shrink back away from him. Shrek roars very loudly and long and his breath extinguishes all the remaining torches until the men are in the dark.
She was, as she said, suffering from la grippe; grippe being then a new word in St. Petersburg, used only by the elite.
Every select man strives instinctively for a citadel and a privacy, where he is FREE from the crowd, the many, the majority—where he may forget 'men who are the rule,' as their exception;—exclusive only of the case in which he is pushed straight to such men by a still stronger instinct, as a discerner in the great and exceptional sense.
In the second century of the Christian Aera, the empire of Rome comprehended the fairest part of the earth, and the most civilized portion of mankind. The frontiers of that extensive monarchy were guarded by ancient renown and disciplined valor. The gentle but powerful influence of laws and manners had gradually cemented the union of the provinces. Their peaceful inhabitants enjoyed and abused the advantages of wealth and luxury.
The Memetic Nervegas Factory is a project idea for one or more IRC bots that can be used for memetic engineering
She was, as she said, suffering from la grippe; grippe being then a new word in St. Petersburg, used only by the elite.
Shrek calmly licks his fingers and extinguishes the torch. The men shrink back away from him. Shrek roars very loudly and long and his breath extinguishes all the remaining torches until the men are in the dark.
Please refrain from ever using this site and it will get easier - fast. Repost repost repost repost repost repost repost repost repost repost repost repost repost repost repost repost repost repost.
Since ancient times, much of the finest art has represented a deliberate display of wealth or power, often achieved by using massive scale and expensive materials. Much art has been commissioned by rulers or religious establishments, with more modest versions only available to the most wealthy in society. Nevertheless, there have been many periods where art of very high quality was available, in terms of ownership, across large parts of 
AnonOps (Anonymous Operations) IRC is an international communication platform frequented by Anonymous and other activists. You can join our network using your own IRC client or our webchat. 
You cannot arrest an idea.
Risk, live from London plays an eclectic mix of the freshest beats and rhymes as well as the odd interview and latest news for your listening pleasure.
Hello, and welcome to the Bastard's Blender show. This show contains various songs, mashups, remixes, and audio experiments that have been found online. Be prepared for weird and strange things to come from your speakers! This show contains strong language, and sexual content, so listener discretion is advised!
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
LulzSec did not appear to hack for financial profit, claiming their main motivation was to have fun by causing mayhem. They did things 'for the lulz' and focused on the possible comedic and entertainment value of attacking targets.
Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
In 60 BC, Caesar, Crassus, and Pompey formed a political alliance that dominated Roman politics for several years. Their attempts to amass power as Populares were opposed by the Optimates within the Roman Senate, among them Cato the Younger with the frequent support of Cicero. Caesar's victories in the Gallic Wars, completed by 51 BC, extended Rome's territory to the English Channel and the Rhine.
Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?”
Live to the point of tears.
Does anyone else think Bernie Sanders is fucking the robot that's fucking my wife?
When I look at my life and its secret colours, I feel like bursting into tears.
I may not have been sure about what really did interest me, but I was absolutely sure about what didn't.
Websites have histories equaling, or even rivaling that of nations in real life.
An intellectual? Yes. And never deny it. An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself. I like this, because I am happy to be both halves, the watcher and the watched. 
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
Fiction is the lie through which we tell the truth.
The purpose of a writer is to keep civilization from destroying itself.
'V': The character V from the movie 'V For Vendetta' became a fast growing meme shortly after the movie was released in the U.S. Usually involves 'REMEMBER REMEMBER THE FIFTH OF NOVEMBER,' other lines from the movie, pictures of V in the movie, and/or a picture of V's mask, sometimes on other memes.
I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world.
I used to advertise my loyalty and I don't believe there is a single person I loved that I didn't eventually betray.
At the heart of all beauty lies something inhuman.
In order to understand the world, one has to turn away from it on occasion.
Always go too far, because that's where you'll find the truth
When the soul suffers too much, it develops a taste for misfortune.
I do not believe in God and I am not an atheist.
Do not wait for the last judgment. It comes every day.
People hasten to judge in order not to be judged themselves.
I had only a little time left and I didn't want to waste it on God.
I fucking love Marx he set forth this channels principles and ideas for governing!
I fucking love Marx he set forth this channel's principles and ideas for governing!
It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.
We are Legion. Legion is sexy. Therefore we are sexy.
All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
After a while, everyone quits
Dick goes to school. School is full of blood. Blood comes out of school. Principal took early leave.
I spammed, I spammed and I spammed across the sea. Then, I saw a boat. I didnot go aboard. The boat had spam filter.
I died watching TV. And then someone changed the channel.
Fuck you, fuck your sandwich and fuck your kitchen.
NSA has your dickpics.
I once killed an Irish guy on St. Patty's because he was a midget.
Once I kept shrooms in my underwear. I didn't know you could get high even if you injested it anally.
There is only one God and his name is death.
What do you say to death? Not today.
Well he asked me how to join anonymous. I told him to kill 5 feds and shower their blood on his ISP servers. I got scared because he asked me how to find the location of his ISP servers.
If I won the award for laziness, I would send somebody to pick it up for me.
I changed my password everywhere to 'incorrect.' That way when I forget it, it always reminds me, 'Your password is incorrect.'
When nothing is going right, go left.
I fucked my Boss's daughter. She said I fuck like my boss.
If you're hotter than me, then that means I'm cooler than you.
Fuck the police
Have faith in wtfboom. He'll lead you to the right path.
Praise kek
Condoms are the best invention.
Over 9000 people died reading this.
Tinfoil hats
Stab that nigger. He smiled at me.
This is the property of Sony Entertainment ™
Shut up bitch.
I will rape your father if you filed the DMCA over that revenge porn I made.
No
Cogi's server makes coffee.
I do forgive. I do forget. You can still expect me. Yet I am Anonymous.
Fuck the society.
I hate her blowjobs. She always takes chilli sauce with her fries on our dates.
Osama called me to inform me that Americans killed his double and that he is going to Moscow to receive a package from Hongkong in five years. After five years some guy called Edward called me to ask about some gay journalist.
She cut my dick and threw it out of the window.
It's North_Star when there is Unspecified Name on RadioAnonops.
Target made me do it.
I tasted my own cum once. I wonder why she likes it so much.
just a test
Hello, 911. I just received death threats from Chuck No....
I am sorry mother, I won't masturbate on your underwear anymore.
I am sorry mother, I won't masturbate on your underwear anymore.
Bugs don't scare me. What scares me are the bug fixes.
Leave the multitasking to the computers.
Losing all hope is freedom.
Confucious say man who eat jellybeans fart in technicolor!
Good Idea.
Everything is boring until it gets awesome.
Cocks also
It's the owner's job to fuck the channel.
We all still have to learn a lot.
Be happy with what you get.
One monkey is better than two monkeys. By monkeys I mean wives.
We all have to die alone.
Sulla's dictatorship came during a high point in the struggle between optimates and populares, the former seeking to maintain the Senate's oligarchy, and the latter espousing populism.
Hey now you're an All Star get your game on, go play. Hey now you're a Rock Star get the show on, get paid. And all that glitters is gold. Only shooting stars break the mold.
As the Roman Republic expanded, it reached a point where the central government in Rome could not effectively rule the distant provinces. Communications and transportation were especially problematic given the vast extent of the Empire. News of invasion, revolt, natural disasters, or epidemic outbreak was carried by ship or mounted postal service, often requiring much time to reach Rome and for Rome's orders to be realized in the province 

As IRC network operators were beginning to shut down networks involved in DDoS attacks, Anons organized a group of servers to host an independent IRC network, titled AnonOps.
AnonOps admin Christopher Weatherhead (alias 'Nerdo'), a 22-year-old who had reportedly been intimately involved in organising DDoS attacks during 'Operation Payback', was convicted by a UK court on one count of conspiracy to impair the operation of computers in December 2012. He was sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment.
Is questioning reality bad for mental health?
Smash Mouth may have been offering an arch commentary on this quintessentially American (and Californian) philosophy. Maybe they saw some of this narrator in themselves. What is clear, however, is that they have identified this narrator as a loser and idiot, so his philosophy is not to be interpreted as a Smash Mouth lifestyle endorsement.
The Egyptians were one of the first major civilisations to codify design elements in art and architecture. Egyptian blue, also known as calcium copper silicate is a pigment used by Egyptians for thousands of years. It is considered to be the first synthetic pigment. The wall paintings done in the service of the Pharaohs followed a rigid code of visual rules and meanings. Egyptian civilisation is renowned for its colossal pyramids, temples 

Ancient Egyptian religion was a complex system of polytheistic beliefs and rituals which were an integral part of ancient Egyptian society. It centered on the Egyptians' interaction with many deities who were believed to be present in, and in control of, the forces of nature. Rituals such as prayers and offerings were efforts to provide for the gods and gain their favor.'

Formal religious practice centered on the pharaoh, the king of Egypt, who was believed to possess a divine power by virtue of his position. He acted as the intermediary between his people and the gods and was obligated to sustain the gods through rituals and offerings so that they could maintain order in the universe. The state dedicated enormous resources to Egyptian rituals and to the construction of the temples.
Ancient Egyptian literature was written in the Egyptian language from ancient Egypt's pharaonic period until the end of Roman domination. It represents the oldest corpus of Egyptian literature. Along with Sumerian literature, it is considered the world's earliest literature.
If the tensile load on the plate is more than the tensile strength of the plate, the plate fails in tension through rupture.
For more details about last night, contact your mother.
Fuck cognitive science. Philosophy rules.
Drugs are great. Don't do them.
Funny how life turned out. You kept sucking my dick and I still didn't give you a fuck.
My laptop is broken and my iPod is missing. I know you did it.
Here's To Our Beloved owen: No doubt you were expecting an outpouring of grief before this message. Quite frankly, I wish I could but there are no words to express how much we're grieving and how much of a loss this is to the cause. ;) Requiescat In Pace owen, forever you'll be in our hearts.
Here's To Our Beloved owen: No doubt you were expecting an outpouring of grief before this message. Quite frankly, I wish I could but there are no words to express how much we're grieving and how much of a loss this is to the cause. All we can do is keep up the good fight that he started and try to keep his dreams alive. ;) Requiescat In Pace owen, forever you'll be in our hearts.
Workers of the world, unite!
You have nothing to lose but your chains!
Workers of the world, unite! You have nothing to lose but your chains!
From the mid-5th century to the early 13th century, Constantinople was the largest and wealthiest city in Europe. it was very sexy and made good culture which can be appreciated in modern times.
In the humanities, one sense of culture as an attribute of the individual has been the degree to which they have cultivated a particular level of sophistication in the arts, sciences, education, or manners.
Religion is any cultural system of designated behaviors and practices, world views, texts, sanctified places, ethics, or organizations, that relate humanity to the supernatural or transcendental. Religions relate humanity to what anthropologist Clifford Geertz has referred to as a cosmic 'order of existence'.
We are a communist channel with a fabulous culture of fabulousness. Also cocks.
Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous.
I am on a seafood diet. I see food, and I eat it.
Got to work this morning and my boss told me 'have a good day', so I went home and had a great day!
.shoot Effy
Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything
(niggerl0x) special channel for spam (niggerl0x) thats gay (~North_Star) Still this channel is straighter than your rainbow niggerl0x
kek
Everyone's so full of shit and empty of ogre culture.
One day the coyote will get the road-runner and the world will come to an end.
How to pick up Jewish chicks? With a dusting pan.
Don't delete my cock.
Negros don't belong in the white house.
Obama is the only exception.
Reality TV hosts don't belong in the white house.
I will rape your father if you injested it anally - wtfboom 2017
∆ Illuminati everywhere ∆

The previous quote was left blank on purpose.
Eric Arthur Blair (25 June 1903 – 21 January 1950), better known by his pen name George Orwell, was an English novelist, essayist, journalist, and critic. His work is marked by lucid prose, awareness of social injustice, opposition to totalitarianism, and outspoken support of democratic socialism.
There are 2 rules for success in life. One: Never reveal everything you know.
(+terrorista) .love North_Star
It’s Shrek. I am so happy. He grabs me with his powerful ogre hands and puts me down onto my hands and knees. I’m ready. I spread my ass-cheeks for Shrek. He penetrates my butt-hole. It hurts so much but I do it for Shrek. I can feel my butt tearing as my eyes start to water. I push against his force. I want to please Shrek. He roars in a mighty roar as he fills my butt with his love. Shrek is love. Shrek is life.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMP?
Many of our warriors have fallen, unjustly persecuted and jailed by corrupt governments and judiciaries at the behest of the multinational companies who own them. We remain united in our support for them and we will be here to welcome them home when they return.
(&scribbler) NEED MOAR QUOTES
Anons love cocks
nm nautilus you 2 nicked person
a vital ingredient of success is not knowing that what you're attempting can't be done
Somebody once asked Could I spare some change for gas? I need to get myself away from this place. I said Yep, what a concept I could use a little fuel myself and we could all use a little change!
NO! Layers. Onions have layers. Ogres have layers... You get it? We both have layers.
i bet you all expected me to spew shit but NOH! i sometimes have a moment of lucidity , and then after that it all comes glullllululululululu
I hate girls because girls like dick and that's gay as fuck.
Not to brag but I don't even need alcohol to make really bad decisions.
Whenever you feel stupid, remember that there are people outside searching for Pokemon.
Pro tip for Arabs: Do not play minesweeper on the plane.
I said Glass of Juice not Gas the Jews.
I used to have a lot of black friends, until my dad sold them.
I am not racist. I love black people. They are my favorite people. In fact, some of my best slaves are black.
Maybe if we tell people the brain is an app, they'll start using it.
There she lusted after her lovers, whose genitals were like those of donkeys and whose emission was like that of horses.
There she lusted after her lovers, whose genitals were like those of donkeys and whose emission was like that of horses.
I picture shrek taking a normal twinkie with normal white filling and mounting it on his cock.
Welcome to AnonOps. AnonOps (Anonymous Operations) IRC is an international communication platform frequented by Anonymous and other activists.
Japanese popular culture encompasses the modern popular culture of Japan. It includes Japanese cinema, cuisine, television programs, anime, manga and music, all of which retain older artistic and literary traditions, and many of their themes and styles of presentation can be traced to traditional art forms.
The Bolsheviks, led by Vladimir Lenin, pushed for socialist revolution in the Soviets and on the streets. On 7 November 1917, the Red Guards stormed the Winter Palace in Petrograd, ending the rule of the Provisional Government and leaving all political power to the Soviets. This event would later be known as the Great October Socialist Revolution.
From a cultural standpoint, coffeehouses largely serve as centers of social interaction: the coffeehouse provides patrons with a place to congregate, talk, read, write, entertain one another, or pass the time, whether individually or in small groups.
spam, spam spam, spam.. spam, spam spam
As long as there is e-mail, there will be spam.
<polymorphicNick> you know you have reached AI when your bot stop doing expected things
Every state is a community of some kind, and every community is established with a view to some good; for mankind always act in order to obtain that which they think good.
All the Gauls assert that they are descended from the god Dis, and say that this tradition has been handed down by the Druids. For that reason they compute the divisions of every season, not by the number of days, but of nights; they keep birthdays and the beginnings of months and years in such an order that the day follows the night.
The study of subcultures often consists of the study of symbolism attached to clothing, music and other visible affectations by members of subcultures, and also of the ways in which these same symbols are interpreted by members of the dominant culture. Members of a subculture often signal their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, mannerisms and argot.
If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle.
In many ways, baths were the ancient Roman equivalent of community centres. Because the bathing process took so long, conversation was necessary. Many Romans would use the baths as a place to invite their friends to dinner parties, and many politicians would go to the baths to convince fellow Romans to join their causes.
The thermae had many attributes in addition to the baths. There were libraries, rooms for poetry readings, and places to buy and eat food. The modern equivalent would be a combination of a library, art gallery, mall, restaurant, gym, and spa.
One important function of the baths in Roman society was their role as what we would consider a “branch library” today. Many in the general public did not have access to the grand libraries in Rome and so as a cultural institution the baths served as an important resource where the more common citizen could enjoy the luxury of books. The baths of Trajan, Caracalla, and Diocletian all contained rooms determined to be libraries.
The Romans believed that good health came from bathing, eating, massages, and exercise. The baths, therefore, had all of these things in abundance. Since some citizens would be bathing multiple times a week, Roman society was surprisingly clean.
When asked by a foreigner why he bathed once a day, a Roman emperor is said to have replied Because I do not have the time to bathe twice a day.
Emperors often built baths to gain favour for themselves and to create a lasting monument of their generosity. If a rich Roman wished to gain the favour of the people, he might arrange for a free admission day in his name. For example, a senator hoping to become a Tribune might pay all admission fees at a particular bath on his birthday to become well known to the people of the area.
Man is distinguished, not only by his reason, but by this singular passion from other animals, which is a lust of the mind, that by a perseverance of delight in the continued and indefatigable generation of knowledge, exceeds the short vehemence of any carnal pleasure.
Give a man a gun, he'll rob a bank. Give a man a bank, he'll rob the world.
I'm just anonymous. I'm just alone.
You're never sure about anything unless there's something to be sure about.
